[Music]
what would happen if you stop eating
sugar for a week well I don't know about
you but for me my wife would probably
stop calling me sweetie actually eating
too much sugar can seriously affect your
health at least a weight gain sharp mood
swings what do you mean by that an even
addiction some nutritionists consider
sugar to be even more dangerous than fat
what we still don't pay enough attention
to the amount of sugar we consume every
day what will happen to your heart brain
and skin if you quit sugar at least for
a week well the changes are going to be
incredible in this video we're going to
tell you how you'll feel if you stop
eating donuts and even if it's worth the
effort
number 15 you'll overcome a serious
addiction studies show and that might
sound shocking that sugar is actually
more addictive than cocaine lab rats
were given cocaine until they became
addicted to it then they were given a
choice either to continue taking cocaine
or switch to sugar you know what
94% chose sugar hey come on what do you
say a little fructose here huh what are
the facts you need to start eating less
sugar well okay we have 14 more number
14 your breath will be better sugar
doesn't just cause gum disease and
cavities
but also provides a source of food for
bacteria in these conditions they
reproduce more quickly which results in
a terrible breath so if you want to be
more successful with the opposite sex
you better stop eating sugar immediately
Oh a box of chocolates for me never
touch the stuff
by the way sugar is often linked to the
development of numerous lung conditions
so lowering sugar intake results in
weakened asthma symptoms
[Music]
number thirteen you'll increase your
brainpower studies have shown that sugar
hinders such activities as learning and
memorizing things so believe it or not
when preparing for the exam it's better
to stay away from chocolate and other
you means stay away from chocolate
that's what it said okay and other sugar
containing kinds of foods that are
believed to increase your brain activity
less sugar means more knowledge that's
it so right here number 12 you will be
less likely to have Alzheimer's disease
[Music]
there's a chemical in your brain known
as BDNF brain-derived neurotropic factor
it helps the brain to form connections
and make new memories drop in the factor
has been linked to eating excessive
amounts of sugar number eleven your skin
will look younger a study in the
American Journal of Clinical Nutrition
suggests that giving up sugar may result
in your acne disappearing sugar is
inflammatory and inflammation is a known
cause of acne now this is starting to
make sense
[Music]
number ten your heart will thank you
people who eat too much sugar have a
much higher risk of having a heart
attack
sweet drinks like soda are believed to
be a trigger of coronary artery disease
another important thing is that giving
up sugar will lead to the decrease of
insulin level and drop of the average
heart rate your blood pressure will also
decrease which means that your heart and
your vessels will have less work to do
so such conditions as stroke or artery
disease will become less likely number
nigh you'll have less bad cholesterol
high sugar intake raises levels of bad
cholesterol and blood fats that can clog
your blood vessels leading to severe
heart conditions that can be a huge
threat to your life
take care of your blood vessels while
you still can number eight you'll have a
much better mood yes being pretty
irritable right after you say no to
sugar is normal
be careful as temptation is everywhere
all the muffins milkshakes and other
super delicious things but when you're
done with your diet change you'll feel
much better studies found that people
who eat very little sugar or none at all
are rarely diagnosed with depression the
world around you will change when you
change your diet habits number seven
you'll finally get a good sleep hi sugar
intake interferes with your normal
energy level it's okay to feel sleepy
and sluggish after giving up sugar but
when your body adapts to it you will be
very active throughout the day and ready
to sleep when the bed time comes your
day/night cycle will be more naturally
balanced sweet dreams
at calm oh there's more oh yeah number
six you'll be less likely to have
diabetes when you eat too much glucose
high insulin resistance develops it
means that sugar can't get into your
cells and can get stuck in the
bloodstream this leads to a pre-diabetes
condition and finally to the real
disease number five you'll lower the
risk of having cancer
pancreatic cancer is often linked to
high sugar intake however the results of
the studies haven't been entirely
consistent it's better not to take the
risk on this one
number four your eyesight will be
sharper sugar also affects the health of
your eyes fluctuations in insulin and
glucose levels lead to vessel damage and
decreased blood supply to your eyes as a
result the eye sharpness drops and such
conditions as myopia and cataract may
develop if you don't want to look like
DiCaprio from Inception give up sugar
now number three you'll lose weight fast
when you eat a lot of sugar especially
fructose you are very likely to overeat
the pancreas is forced to produce more
insulin so other hormones that regulate
metabolism digestion and weight are
neglected so the body sends you wrong
signals that is time to have a snack
don't let this cunning sugar fool you
[Music]
number two you'll see your doctor less
often your immune system is seriously
affected by consumption of large amounts
of sugar you are protected from bacteria
and viruses by white blood cells their
efficiency drops dramatically when you
eat simple sugars like glucose fructose
and honey sugar also causes the
development of cavities and gum disease
so you have a chance not only to see
your doctor less often but also your
dentist
we don't think you'll be missing them a
lot and number one you'll save a crazy
amount of money stop eating sugar and
spending money on doctors dentists those
expensive acne concealers and sweep food
and drinks that only harm you just
imagine what you can use the saved money
on traveling new clothes yeah you're
gonna need a lot of them after losing
extra pounds or a hobby you could never
or before have you ever tried to stop
eating sugar tell us about your
experience in the comments below don't
forget to like and share this video with
your friends to make them healthier and
click subscribe to join us on the bright
side of life